hi everyone and we're doing a hair
tutorial for a chair and it's got a bit
on this bone which is a sock dawn upon
how you got to call it it's just a lot
neater than a messy everyday born on how
I did it before and I've had a few
requests to do this one so that I'll be
doing by today and I hope you enjoy that
you start with this is appointment not
meant to laugh at my hair cause it is a
mess and I've literally had my hair in a
bun and slept in it and just take now
and this boy looks like so what you're
gonna want to do is just brush your hair
which I have already done which you
wouldn't believe that he rolled it but
no man and then I'm just gonna take it
back like you're gonna put it in a book
now a lot of people do this bit
differently I like to hang my head
upside down book I guess it's just
personal preference so I'm gonna hang my
head upside down so I'm just hanging my
head upside down davrine oh and I'm
gonna put it in a ponytail on top of my
head just as high as I can
it should look a little something like
this where is extremely tight to your
head doesn't look very attract the next
thing I'm gonna do is just pull this out
a little bit I mean if you prefer your
head flat to your head then sleep this
book I think you all know I don't so I'm
just gonna pull mine out a little bit
and then
is going to tie in it
the bubble
so I've just moved the camera up a
little bit higher just like to see the
top of my hair better I'm gonna take him
out is this door locked bring and this
one I cover and we're going from we can
get a menu a condemned supermarkets
boots it's real prime at anywhere really
and they said this is a medium-sized one
and obviously isn't dark one because
I've got dark hair and what I do is just
grab my hair and pull it through hull so
literally the door noise just around the
bubble as you can see that and just to
get a little bit of volume in the bun
I'm just gonna back up my hair that's
hanging out of the donor
again this is optional you don't have to
do that it just depends how big you like
your bonus of words
to them have a little bit well something
that looks a little bit like stuff just
a very messy ponytail ha ha the girls
tomorrow I think I move my camera a
little bit too high Opia now all I'm
gonna do is grab bits of hair pull them
forward it's all just tuck them under
the donor
I mean some people secure them with like
clips but I just find it's much easier
to tuck me under
so now you're gonna have something that
looks like this just a really neat bone
on top of your head and again this is
optional you can keep it looking like
this oh you can just pull it out like I
do and this just makes you put a lot
fuller and bigger if you pull any like
loose bits out then they're easy enough
just to click back in I'll just took
back under the donut and you sort of
play with it until you get the look that
you want but I think this will do me
it's looking quite big and volume is the
next thing all I do is just pull a few
of these side bits of my hair down I
just don't like my hair with like every
little bit of it scraped back I just
prefer it with a bit of something down
and yeah that's basically it so that's
how I do my donut bun and meetable that
my everyday messy one that I've got my
channel as well if you do want to see
that one
deniz quite a few it might be last year
actually I did that one um but that's
more of a messy look and this one's more
like the need donut look and
if you have sort of bits that come down
on the back like I do and it drives a
magazine she gets caught in my next
piercing so I just take some clips and
just clip it up I mean I do like the
look of having you know the meta hair on
the back as well we've been followed now
it just gets caught in my piercing so
it's really annoying so yeah that's the
look finished you might want to add some
hairspray just to keep it all in but my
news list isn't really shattered in it
and but yeah hope you enjoyed the
tutorial I've had a lot of requests to
do this for ages and I haven't done a
hair tutorial in a while so I thought
doing this boat steer and yeah any other
tutorials that like hair want I'm not a
big makeup tutorial person then leave
your requests below and I'll try my best
to get them and hope you enjoyed the
video I've already said that and I'm
just like so they'll please check out my
blog I have kind of redesigned it a
little bit and I'd love to know what you
all think of it and yeah so just let me
know I'll leave the link in the downbar
with my Instagram Twitter Facebook as
well and I'll see you all in thanks
video bye